Improved error message when supplying incorrect globalid (#3194)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> Improved error message when suppling GlobalID format that relates to another type then the query itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved error message when supplying GlobalID format that relates to another type than the query itself.
```
